- Stromatolites: A Billion-Year-Old Living Organism
http://www.bbc.com/travel/story/20210117-stromatolites-the-earths-oldest-living-lifeforms

- It is your moral obligation to use Firefox (2019)
https://0x46.net/thoughts/2019/04/09/use-firefox/

- 2020 Game
https://2020game.io/

- Just Funnin’ – the infamous “Cowboys” section of the Lucid book
https://billwadge.wordpress.com/2021/01/16/just-funnin-the-infamous-cowboys-section-of-the-lucid-book/

- GitHub Stale Bots – A False Economy
https://blog.benwinding.com/github-stale-bots/

- Compilers are hard
https://blog.shipreq.com/post/compilers_are_hard/

- Finding Bugs in C and C++ Compilers using YARPGen
https://blog.sigplan.org/2021/01/14/finding-bugs-in-c-and-c-compilers-using-yarpgen/

- Traps to Avoid When Reviewing Code Changes
https://blog.sulami.xyz/posts/code-reviews/

- Unconditional loops are unconditionally awesome
https://brson.github.io/2021/01/17/rust-unconditional-loops

- CS 498MC • Martian Computing
https://davis68.github.io/martian-computing/

- Venice combats overtourism by tracking visitors
https://edition.cnn.com/travel/article/venice-control-room-tourism/index.html

- Deploy your own Matrix server on Fedora CoreOS
https://fedoramagazine.org/deploy-your-own-matrix-server-on-fedora-coreos/

- Discover Fedora Kinoite: a Silverblue variant with the KDE Plasma desktop
https://fedoramagazine.org/discover-fedora-kinoite/

- That XOR Trick
https://florian.github.io//xor-trick/

- That XOR Trick
https://florian.github.io/xor-trick

- BBC Micro Bot User Guide
https://github.com/8bitkick/BBCMicroBot/blob/master/docs/user%20guide.md

- React Component for 3D Maps
https://github.com/felixpalmer/procedural-gl-react

- Show HN: 100 LOC Ruby forward proxy using only standard libraries
https://github.com/jamesmoriarty/forward-proxy

- Show HN: BFS, Dijkstra and A* interactive demo made in React
https://github.com/npretto/pathfinding

- Diff the behavior of two python functions
https://github.com/pschanely/CrossHair/blob/master/doc/diff_behavior.md

- LEDs from Dubai: The Royal Lights You Can't Buy
https://hackaday.com/2021/01/17/leds-from-dubai-the-royal-lights-you-cant-buy/

- Text Encoding Menu in 2021
https://hsivonen.fi/encoding-menu-2021/

- New measurements of the sky's blackness
https://hubblesite.org/contents/news-releases/2021/news-2021-01

- We can do better than Signal
https://icyphox.sh/blog/signal/

- Jami - Share, freely and privately
https://jami.net/

- Categories of Nets
https://johncarlosbaez.wordpress.com/2021/01/17/categories-of-nets/

- The Dubai Lamp: The “World’s Most Efficient” LED Light Bulb
https://kbelectricpa.com/dubai-lamp-worlds-efficient-led-light-bulb/

- the tragedy of gemini
https://maya.land/monologues/2021/01/11/the-tragedy-of-gemini.html

- The Race to Replace C & C++
https://media.handmade-seattle.com/the-race-to-replace-c-and-cpp/

- MuseScore 3.6
https://musescore.org/en/3.6

- Can you treat loneliness by creating an imaginary friend?
https://nautil.us/blog/can-you-treat-loneliness-by-creating-an-imaginary-friend

- BitLocker Lockscreen Bypass
https://secret.club/2021/01/15/bitlocker-bypass.html

- NEAT: Simple neuroevolution framework, in Rust
https://sgolem.com/blog/neat-simple-neuroevolution-framework-in-rust

- IEEE Medal of Honor Goes to Data Compression Pioneer Jacob Ziv
https://spectrum.ieee.org/the-institute/ieee-member-news/ieee-medal-of-honor-goes-to-data-compression-pioneer-jacob-ziv

- Reusing Tags
https://text.causal.agency/015-reusing-tags.txt

- Context switching costs more than we give it credit for
https://thinkingthrough.substack.com/p/context-switching-cost-more-than

- Would Rust secure cURL?
https://timmmm.github.io/curl-vulnerabilities-rust/

- The IPv6 ULA registry
https://ula.ungleich.ch/

- The Amiga 1000 Parceiro
https://www.amigalove.com/viewtopic.php?t=1689

- Dover (YC S19) is hiring a growth engineer to modernize recruiting
https://www.dover.io/open-roles/growth-engineer

- Tracking down a segfault that suddenly started happening
https://www.downtowndougbrown.com/2021/01/tracking-down-a-segfault-that-suddenly-started-happening/

- Japanese people may have gained longevity by balancing their diets
https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2021/01/16/japanese-people-may-have-gained-longevity-by-balancing-their-diets

- Decluttering low-Earth orbit: It's time to tidy up space
https://www.economist.com/leaders/2021/01/14/its-time-to-tidy-up-space

- GPT-Neo – Building a GPT-3-sized model, open source and free
https://www.eleuther.ai/gpt-neo

- Julia adoption keeps climbing
https://www.hpcwire.com/2021/01/13/julia-update-adoption-keeps-climbing-is-it-a-python-challenger/

- Writing Environment-Agnostic Functional Acceptance Tests
https://www.jvt.me/posts/2021/01/18/agnostic-acceptance-tests/

- We are sending more foster kids to prison than to college
https://www.kansascity.com/news/special-reports/article238206754.html

- The values of Emacs, the Neovim revolution, and the VSCode gorilla
https://www.murilopereira.com/the-values-of-emacs-the-neovim-revolution-and-the-vscode-gorilla/

- BladeRF-wiphy: Open-source, software defined radio modem
https://www.nuand.com/bladeRF-wiphy/

- Patient Regains Sight Following Artificial Cornea Implantation
https://www.prnewswire.com/il/news-releases/corneat-visions-first-patient-regains-sight-following-artificial-cornea-implantation-at-rabin-medical-center-ending-a-decade-of-blindness-301205312.html

- Dostoevsky in Love
https://www.theguardian.com/books/2021/jan/14/dostoevsky-in-love-by-alex-christofi-review-unpredictable-dangerous-and-thrilling

- Inequality Killed the Roman Republic
https://www.themetasophist.com/notes/how-inequality-killed-the-roman-republic

- How to write Fault Tolerant Software (2018)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHcKOiWi-X4